AXIOMATICS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

BY OPENING, INSTALLING OR USING THE ACCOMPANYING AXIOMATICS AB ("AXIOMATICS ")
SOFTWARE PROGRAM(S) ("SOFTWARE"), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND
AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW ("AGREEMENT").
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY
DISCONTINUE INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND ALL ACCOMPANYING
DOCUMENTATION ("DOCUMENTATION").  THE TERM "LICENSEE" BELOW REFERS TO YOUR
COMPANY.

Use

The Software is licensed by Axiomatics on a non-exclusive basis under the
software license agreement between Axiomatics and Licensee ("License Agreement")
and is subject to the terms and conditions of the License Agreement.  The
Software and Documentation may only be used in accordance with and subject to
the terms, conditions and restrictions of the License Agreement.  Any third
party software included with the Software is provided by Axiomatics on a pass-
through or sublicense basis and is subject to the license terms, conditions and
restrictions applicable to each third party software product as provided in the
License Agreement.  The Software may also include certain third party open
source and free software components ("Open Source Components") each of which is
licensed under and is subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set
forth in the license agreement that accompanies such component.  No additional
rights or remedies are granted by this Agreement.

Restrictions

Except as otherwise expressly provided in the License Agreement, the Software
(a) may only be installed on servers owned or controlled by Licensee or its
affiliate and (b) may not be copied and installed in more than one location.

The Software and Documentation may not be: (a) used or copied other than as
expressly permitted by the License Agreement; (b) sold, rented, leased,
sublicensed, loaned, shared, disclosed or transferred, provided on a
subscription basis, or used in connection with a service bureau or other
configuration whereby any third party may access, use or benefit from it; (c)
modified, translated or adapted; (d) reverse-engineered, decompiled,
disassembled or otherwise used to attempt to discern the source code of the
Software; or (d) used, exported, imported, provided or disclosed in violation or
breach of the License Agreement or any applicable laws, orders or regulations.
Creation of any derivative works of or based on the Software or Documentation,
and removal, relocation, altering and obscuring of any trademark, copyright or
other proprietary or restrictive marking or legend on the Software or
Documentation or any copies thereof, are expressly prohibited.  As used in this
paragraph, the term "Software" includes object and source code forms thereof.

An Open Source Component may be used, modified, linked and distributed to the
full extent permitted under the license agreement accompanying and applicable to
such Open Source Component; provided, that no action may be taken with respect
to any Open Source Component in conjunction with the Software in any way
whatsoever that (a) creates any obligation with respect to the Software,
including the obligation to disclose or distribute its source code, or (b)
grants to any third party any rights to the Software.

Disclaimer of Warranties

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY WARRANTED IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT, WHICH WARRANTIES ARE
EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS,  IMPLIED,
STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".  AXIOMATICS AND ITS
AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND OTHER SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, AND WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OWNERSHIP OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE
PRACTICE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, AXIOMATICS
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY (A) THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL
PERFORM WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR BE ERROR-FREE, (B) THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET
LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS OR (C) THAT ANY OR ALL DATA PROVIDED THROUGH THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE, UP-TO-DATE OR COMPLETE.

Limitation of Liability

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL AXIOMATICS OR ITS
AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR OTHER SUPPLIERS HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER TO
LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL, AND WHETHER
FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST BUSINESS, REVENUES OR SAVINGS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,
LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS, CORRUPTION OR MODIFICATION
OF DATA, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR
DAMAGES.  Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit any liability that
cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.

Ownership

Licensee’s rights to the Software and Documentation are limited to those
expressly granted in the License Agreement.  As between the parties, Axiomatics
or its licensors, as applicable, retains all right, title and interest,
including without limitation all patent, copyright, database, trade secret,
trademark and other intellectual property rights and proprietary rights, in and
to: (a) the Software (in object code and source code form) and Documentation;
(b) any and all services provided by Axiomatics with respect to the Software or
Documentation and any and all deliverables furnished by Axiomatics to Licensee
as part of such services; (c) any and all ideas, suggestions, modifications,
improvements or other feedback that Licensee proposes, creates or authors
relating to any of the foregoing, all intellectual property and other rights in
which are assigned to Axiomatics; and (d) any and all improvements,
modifications, translations and derivative works of any of the foregoing.

Confidentiality

The Software (including without limitation its design, layout, architecture and
code) and Documentation and all feedback constitute Confidential Information of
Axiomatics as defined in the License Agreement.  Disclosure of such Confidential
Information is strictly prohibited, except as specifically permitted by the
terms of the License Agreement. Trademarks Axiomatics is a registered trademark
of Axiomatics AB.  All other trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos
are the property of their respective holders.  Axiomatics and the licensors of
all third party software reserve all rights to their trademarks, trade names,
service marks and logos, and no right to use, modify or reproduce any thereof is
granted.

Termination

The license granted by Axiomatics under the License Agreement is subject to
termination in accordance with, and with the effect set forth in, the License
Agreement.  Upon termination of any license, all copies of the Software and
Documentation must be returned or, at Axiomatics’ election, destroyed.

General

This Agreement may not be assigned, in whole or in part, by Licensee in any
manner, including by operation of law, to any other person or entity without the
express prior written approval of Axiomatics.  This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction specified in
the License Agreement, without regard to any conflict of laws rules that might
otherwise apply.  This Agreement may be amended, or any provision hereof waived,
only by written agreement signed by Axiomatics and Licensee.  Any failure or
delay to enforce or exercise any right or remedy shall not be deemed a waiver of
such or any other right or remedy.  Any waiver of any breach shall not be deemed
to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.  In the event of a conflict
between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the License Agreement, the
terms of the License Agreement shall control.
